Update documentation for readability (#140)
marp-team/marp: website/docs/introduction/install.md

### This is a stub page!

There are two ways to use Marp, through a command-line interface (**[Marp CLI][marp cli]**) or through a graphical user interface (**[VS Code extension][marp for vs code]**). To start authoring presentations, you must install either the CLI or the VS Code exension.

## Should I use the Marp CLI or Marp for VS Code?

### Basic Comparison

|                         	| Marp for VS Code 	| Marp CLI            	|
|-------------------------:	|:------------------:	|:---------------------:	|
| Editor                  	| VS Code          	| Any editor 	|
| Live Preview            	| Yes              	| Yes                  	|
| Export Method           	| Click to export  	| Command Line        	|

> | Use plugins? 	| No               	| Yes                 	|

Author: Switched to "Use Marp plugins?"

### Marp for VS Code

If you are not familiar with the command line, use the VS Code extension without hesitation! All of the basic Marp features are available in Marp for VS Code.

> Even if you are CLI savvy, you may prefer to author presentations through Marp for VS Code. VS Code has many convenient features for authoring a slide deck, including Markdown syntax lookup and live preview.

Author: You're right, 'lookup' is the wrong word here.

I think technically "a language service" would be correct, but may not make sense unless the reader was already familiar with intellisense.

Would "Markdown syntax completions" or "suggestions" make sense here?

> Even if you are CLI savvy, you may prefer to author presentations through Marp for VS Code. VS Code has many convenient features for authoring a slide deck, including Markdown syntax lookup and live preview.

Reviewer: I think "Marp syntax completion" is the best.

```suggestion
Even if you are CLI savvy, you may prefer to author presentations through Marp for VS Code. VS Code has many convenient features for authoring a slide deck, including Marp syntax completion and live preview.
```

"Markdown syntax completion" still may bring misleading as if Marp extension  provided completions for common Markdown syntaxes like [Markdown All In One extension](https://github.com/yzhang-gh/vscode-markdown#auto-completions).
